URL: https://www.carync.gov/recreation-enjoyment/facilities/cary-tennis-park
TITLE: Cary Tennis Park | Town of Cary
PUBLISHER: Town of Cary, Parks, Recreation & Cultural Resources
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-03
METHOD: read in a browser; carync.gov returns 403 to scripted fetches. See README.md.
NOTE: This page is the SOURCE OF THE COURT COUNT AT McCRIMMON, in its satellite
      court list. Cary Tennis Park itself is NOT published: the page states its
      pickleball court count but no street address, and Import Gate I1 requires
      an address.
---

The Cary Tennis Park clubhouse is open seven days a week from 8 a.m.-10 p.m. Stop by to register for programs, purchase an annual pass, or drop off your racquet for restringing. You can also register for programs through our new registration system, RecTrac.

We continue to offer free walk-up play on outdoor courts. Reservations for outdoor courts are available to Cary Tennis Park annual passholders. Please review the program status page to see which courts have scheduled activities.

Covered Court Reservations are available seven days a week from 8 a.m.-10 p.m.

Features
32 championship courts, including one stadium court with permanent seating and seven covered courts
Four permanent 36' QuickStart/Pickleball Courts
Pro Shop
Two comfort stations
Showers
Ball machine
Double-sided backboard

Satellite Court Locations
Robert V. Godbold Park (2050 NW Maynard Rd.)
Six Lighted Tennis Courts
Annie Jones Park (1414 Tarbert Dr.)
Six Lighted Tennis Courts
Middle Creek School Park (151 Middle Creek Park Ave.)
Eight Lighted Tennis Courts
R.S. Dunham Park (519 Walnut St.)
Six Lighted Tennis Courts
McCrimmon Park (3870 Cary Glen Blvd.)
Six Lighted Tennis Courts and Six Lighted Pickleball Courts

Accolades
2023 USTA NC Outstanding Parks & Recreation Department
2022 USTA Outstanding Tennis Facility - Dunham Park
2019 USTA Featured Facility
Racquet Sports Industry 2006 Facility of the Year

Cary Tennis Park Rules

Below are some rules for the tennis park. For a complete list, please see the facility supervisor.

No smoking inside the building or inside the fenced court areas.
No alcohol except with special permission under certain circumstances.
No profanity or profane gestures.
No animals of any kind except those serving the needs of the disabled or those being used in public demonstration as approved by the Director of Parks, Recreation & Cultural Resources.
Tennis/Pickleball courts may be used for racket sports only - no other type of activity is allowed on the courts.
Tennis instruction may be provided by Town of Cary staff only.
Proper attire is required.
(a) Shirts and shoes must be worn at all times (males and females).
(b) Non-marking tennis shoes must be worn on the courts.
(c) Patrons wearing inappropriate tennis attire may be asked to change their clothing and/or leave the facility.
Lesson fees are due at the time of the lesson.
Pass holders must be present for all court reservations made in their name.

---
ALSO READ, same retrieval, for context and for the exclusions:

URL: https://www.carync.gov/recreation-enjoyment/facilities/cary-tennis-park/pickleball
"Cary Tennis Park has four lighted pickleball courts that are also used for youth tennis programming."
Reservations: "Cary Tennis Park annual passholders can make reservations for outdoor courts 5-7 days in advance. All other patrons can reserve an outdoor court at Cary Tennis Park 16 hours in advance at $8 per hour (Book Now). Outside of reservations, courts operate on a first-come, first-served basis during normal operating hours."
"We ask that you limit playing time to one hour when others are waiting for the court."
Open Play: "Sunday 3:30 - 5:30 p.m. at Cary Tennis Park" and "Monday 7 - 9 p.m. at McCrimmon Park."
Leagues: Cary Pickleball League through Play Team Pickleball; "Courts at McCrimmon and Cary Tennis Park will be used periodically for league matches."
"The Cary Tennis Park is excited to be hosting the PPA again in 2026."

URL: https://www.carync.gov/recreation-enjoyment/facilities/middle-creek-community-center
"Pickleball court reservations are available in the South Gym:
March-October - Thursday, Friday from 2 - 5 p.m., Saturday noon - 2p.m.
November-February - Thursday, Friday from noon - 2 p.m.
Three (3) courts are available to rent. Fees are $10 per hour/per court or $15 per hour/per court with the ball machine (if available).
Maximum of 8 people per court"
NOT PUBLISHED: indoor rental courts, and the page states no street address.

URL: https://www.carync.gov/recreation-enjoyment/sports/adult-sports/adult-pickleball
Pickleball University instructional classes taught by IPTPA-certified instructors.
Royal Court Tournaments (1-day events): Queen of the Creek (March), Knights of the Round Creek Table (March), King & Queen of the Creek (May), King of the Creek (September), Dames of the Creekdom (October).
Leagues (9-10-week sessions): Cary Pickleball League (Spring & Summer), Ladies' Ladder League (Fall & Spring), Senior (55+) Mixed Doubles Ladder (Summer).
"Middle Creek Community Center is also a host site for Wake County Senior Games."
