URL: https://www.carync.gov/recreation-enjoyment/parks-greenways-environment/parks/mccrimmon-parkway-park
TITLE: Neighborhood Park on McCrimmon Parkway | Town of Cary
PUBLISHER: Town of Cary, Parks, Recreation & Cultural Resources
RETRIEVED: 2026-09-03
METHOD: read in a browser; carync.gov returns 403 to scripted fetches. See README.md.
---

Recreation & Enjoyment » Parks, Greenways & Environment » Parks

NEIGHBORHOOD PARK ON MCCRIMMON PARKWAY

3870 Cary Glen Blvd

The park's rolling topography, mature tree canopy, and existing creeks offer opportunities to integrate park features into this natural setting. Due to these existing natural conditions and their associated buffers and steep slopes, McCrimmon Park has a nature theme. The park program is designed to serve all age groups with a focus on facilities that have small footprints and can be clustered on the flatter ridges.

Features
Lighted Tennis Court: Reservable 16 hours in advance, Book Now (see scheduled activities)
Lighted Pickleball Courts: Non-reservable, first-come, first-served (see scheduled activities)
Community Garden (More information coming soon!)
Playground
Picnic Shelter: Non-reservable, first-come, first-served
Picnic tables
Restrooms
Public art includes hammock art designed for teens
Paved loop trails

Community Garden

The Community Garden at the Neighborhood Park on McCrimmon Parkway offers raised beds for annual rentals as well as public opportunities for hands-on gardening. The garden is closed to the public except for events. Visit during open house events to volunteer and learn more about gardening at home.

Directions

Google Maps directions to the Neighborhood Park on McCrimmon Parkway.

Park Hours

Sunrise to sunset. In lighted areas where visitors are participating in an approved extended-use activity, hours are extended until 30 minutes after the activity ends or 11 p.m., whichever comes first.

Project Background

This 20-acre neighborhood park site is located at the southeast corner of Green Level Church Road and McCrimmon Parkway in northwest Cary. The site was purchased in 2007, with a portion of the funding provided by a $700,000 grant from the Wake County Open Space Preservation Program.

Master planning started in the fall of 2017. Public involvement included public information meetings in January and November of 2018; an online questionnaire for public input; a Citizens Resource Team, which met three times to provide input on the proposed program and plans; and presentations to the Parks, Recreation, and Cultural Resources and Public Art Advisory Boards. On June 27, 2019, the Cary Town Council approved the master plan and master plan report for the Neighborhood Park on McCrimmon Parkway, along with the master plan for the park on Carpenter Fire Station Road. Construction funding for these parks is included in the Parks Bond approved by Cary voters in October 2019.
